#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via django
attrdict==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
bleach==6.1.0
    # via django-summernote
boto3==1.17.78
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.20.112
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
chardet==5.2.0
    # via easyimap
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
django==4.2.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-annoying
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-autocomplete-light
    #   django-excel
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-geojson
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-leaflet
    #   django-localflavor
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-picklefield
    #   django-storages
    #   django-structlog
    #   django-summernote
    #   django-versatileimagefield
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   jsonfield
django-admin-row-actions==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-annoying==0.10.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-anymail==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-autocomplete-light==3.9.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-constance[database]==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-excel==0.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-fancy-cache==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-geojson==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-hijack==3.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ipware==7.0.1
    # via django-structlog
django-leaflet==0.28.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-localflavor==3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-material==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-picklefield==3.2
    # via django-constance
django-storages==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-structlog==1.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-summernote==0.8.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-upload-validator==1.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-versatileimagefield @ git+https://github.com/pdelboca/django-versatileimagefield@poc-auto-resize
    # via -r requirements.in
djangoql==0.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-yasg[validation]==1.21.10
    # via -r requirements.in
easyimap==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
factory-boy==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==35.2.2
    # via factory-boy
html2text==2016.9.19
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via requests
importlib-resources==6.4.5
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   swagger-spec-validator
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via swagger-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
lml==0.2.0
    # via
    #   pyexcel
    #   pyexcel-io
numpy==1.24.4
    # via pandas
packaging==25.0
    # via drf-yasg
pandas==1.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pdf2image==1.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
phonenumbers==8.13.55
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==8.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-versatileimagefield
    #   pdf2image
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
ply==3.11
    # via djangoql
psycopg2-binary==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyexcel==0.7.3
    # via
    #   django-excel
    #   pyexcel-webio
pyexcel-io==0.6.7
    # via pyexcel
pyexcel-webio==0.1.4
    # via django-excel
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   faker
    #   pandas
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via django-ipware
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   django-upload-validator
    #   django-versatileimagefield
python-stdnum==2.1
    # via django-localflavor
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   drf-yasg
    #   swagger-spec-validator
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via django-anymail
rpds-py==0.20.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.4.2
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==0.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   attrdict
    #   bleach
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-autocomplete-light
    #   django-fancy-cache
    #   django-material
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
structlog==25.4.0
    # via django-structlog
swagger-spec-validator==3.0.4
    # via drf-yasg
texttable==1.7.0
    # via pyexcel
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   faker
    #   structlog
    #   swagger-spec-validator
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
zipp==3.20.2
    # via importlib-resources
